1 Sparano JA, Gray RJ, Makower DF, et al. Adjuvant chemotherapy guided by a 21-gene expression assay in breast cancer. N Engl J Med 2018;379:111-121. 
2 Kalinsky K, Barlow WE, Meric-Bernstam F, et al. First results from a phase III randomized clinical trial of standard adjuvant endocrine therapy (ET) +/- chemotherapy (CT) in patients (pts) with 1-3 positive nodes, hormone receptor-positive (HR+) and HER2-negative (HER2-) breast cancer (BC) with recurrence score (RS) < 25: SWOG S1007 (RxPonder). Cancer Res 2021;81:Abstract GS3-00. 
3 Piccart M, van 't Veer LJ, Poncet C, et al. 70-gene signature as an aid for treatment decisions in early breast cancer: updated results of the phase 3 randomised MINDACT trial with an exploratory analysis by age. Lancet Oncol 2021;22:476-488. 
4 Laenkholm AV, Jensen MB, Eriksen JO, et al. PAM50 risk of recurrence score predicts 10-year distant recurrence in a comprehensive Danish cohort of postmenopausal women allocated to 5 years of endocrine therapy for hormone receptor-positive early breast cancer. J Clin Oncol 2018;36:735-740. 
5 Sestak I, Buus R, Cuzick J, et al. Comparison of the performance of 6 prognostic signatures for estrogen receptor–positive breast cancer: A secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial. JAMA Oncol 2018;4:545-553. 
6 Filipits M, Rudas M, Jakesz R, et al. A new molecular predictor of distant recurrence in ER-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer adds independent information to conventional clinical risk factors. Clin Cancer Res 2011;17:6012-6020. 
7 Sestak I, Martín M, Dubsky P, et al. Prediction of chemotherapy benefit by EndoPredict in patients with breast cancer who received adjuvant endocrine therapy plus chemotherapy or endocrine therapy alone. Breast Cancer Res Treat 2019;176:377-386. 
8 Noordhoek I, Treuner K, Putter H, et al. Breast cancer index predicts extended endocrine benefit to individualize selection of patients with HR(+) early-stage breast cancer for 10 years of endocrine Therapy. Clin Cancer Res 2021;27:311-319. 
9 Sgroi DC, Carney E, Zarrella E, et al. Prediction of late disease recurrence and extended adjuvant letrozole benefit by the HOXB13/IL17BR biomarker. J Natl Cancer Inst 2013;105:1036-1042.  
10 Blok EJ, Kroep JR, Meershoek-Klein Kranenbarg E, et al. Optimal duration of extended adjuvant endocrine therapy for early breast cancer; Results of the IDEAL Trial (BOOG 2006-05). J Natl Cancer Inst 2017;110:40-48.  11 Bartlett JMS, Sgroi DC, Treuner K, et al. Breast cancer index and prediction of benefit from extended endocrine therapy in breast cancer patients treated in the Adjuvant Tamoxifen-To Offer More? (aTTom) trial. Ann Oncol 2019;30:1776-1783.